Update unified_service_tagging.md (#15956)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging.md

2. If you are using [Docker][2], make sure the Agent can access your container's [Docker socket][7]. This allows the Agent detect the environment variables and map them to the standard tags.

> 4. Configure your environment that corresponds to your container orchestration service based on either full configuration or partial configuration detailed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure your environment that corresponds to your container orchestration service based on either full configuration or partial configuration as detailed below.
```
